docs: add section of "Integrate with Storybook" (#281)
kuma-ui/kuma-ui: website/src/pages/docs/install.mdx

  </Tab>
</Tabs>

## Integrate with Storybook

> Integrating Kuma UI with Storybook depends on [the builder of Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/builders/overview) in use.

Reviewer: I believe adding an introductory sentence before diving into the integration details provides context to the readers 👍

```suggestion
For those looking to integrate Kuma UI with Storybook, the process will vary depending on the [Storybook builder](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/builders/overview) you are using. Here's how you can set it up:
```
